Update publications.md (#442)
JuliaReach/Reachability.jl: docs/src/publications.md

### Award to JuliaReach

> The *ARCH 2018 Best Friendly Competition Result* of the ARCH 2018 Friendly Competition was given to JuliaReach for the results obtained in [ARCH2018_RE](https://github.com/JuliaReach/ARCH2018_RE) for the affine category; see the [announcement here](https://cps-vo.org/node/55228):

Author: ```suggestion
The *Best Friendly Competition Result* of the [2nd International Competition on Verifying Continuous and Hybrid Systems (ARCH)](https://cps-vo.org/group/ARCH/FriendlyCompetition) was given to JuliaReach for the results obtained in [ARCH2018_RE](https://github.com/JuliaReach/ARCH2018_RE) for the affine category; see the [announcement here](https://cps-vo.org/node/55228):
```
